Add support for optional field/method injection (#10830)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/ioc/injection.adoc

The Micronaut framework supports the following types of dependency injection:

> * Constructor injection (must be one public constructor or a single constructor annotated with `@Inject`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Constructor injection (with an access level of public, protected, or default - and in case of multiple constructors, you can specify the one to be chosen, annotating it with `@Inject`)
```
